I'm about to pack as much value as I can
in 15 minutes. We're going over 2025
email marketing flows that bring you
stupid amounts of money without you
lifting a finger. This is a brand we set
up this exact strategy that I'm going to
be sharing with you in the exact thought
process. The exact strategies and emails
we've set up for this brand generated
$471,000 in the past 30 days compared to
before we started working with them.
Here you can see the total amount of
money for this brand. It's about 28% or
so that is coming from the flows alone
um that has allowed them to 4x their
brand uh since we started working with
them a few months ago. So, let's go over
these flows. For an example brand, I'm
going to be using liquid IV. So, for
email marketing flows, these are the
automations that you set up once for
your brand and then it's going to these
emails are going to fire whenever a
customer completes a specified action
whether they join your email list,
whether they abandon a cart after they
buy, 30 days after they buy. You can
trigger anything with your email
marketing flows. And so, these are the
core flows and the strategies that I
like to implement uh that are kind of
like the 8020 of generating results. So,
first we want to start off with pre
purchase and everything over here on
pre-purchase and then we're going to
have post purchase over here.
So, these are the two differences and
flows that we have. We have pre-
purchase before somebody makes a
purchase and then post-purchase after.
And then we have different flows that
are going to be for each of these. So,
the pre-purchase flows that we want,
first off, of course, we're going to
have the welcome flow, which is when
somebody joins the email list. We need
to have a welcome flow. We need to have
a killer welcome flow that's going to
properly educate somebody and introduce
them to the brand. This is what sets the
foundation of the relationship. Even if
you're even no matter what you do, you
need to make sure that you're setting
the relationship on on the right note.
Even if somebody doesn't buy in the
welcome flow, we want to set a good
impression. We want to have clean
designs. We want to have onbrand copy.
We want to show give them the impression
of our brand. We want to come off as
like a brand that we're we know what
we're doing. We can be trusted, yada
yada. You can't just slap together
terrible looking designs because that
sets off the uh the um the relationship
on a bad note. Then they're going to be
less likely to purchase down the line
because not everybody's going to buy
right off the bat. So, welcome flow is
going to be one flow that we need to
have uh set up and we need to make sure
that it's firing really well. I don't
know why that pasted in here. Um but we
are going to duplicate this quite a few
times because we're going to set up all
our different flows. So, we have our
welcome flow and then the rest of the
pre-purchase flows are going to be our
abandonment. So, we're going to have a
site abandonment. We're going to have a
browse abandonment. I'll explain these
in a second. Uh we're going to have cart
abandonment. Then, we're going to have
checkout abandonment. These are all
different from each other and I will go
over these differences for you. Check
out abandonment and then let's move
these post-purchase ones over here.
So here's all the pre-purchase these
abandonments. The site abandon is going
to be somebody who goes to your website.
The clavio tricker is active on site.
Somebody goes to your website but they
don't actually view any products. We
need to set up filters for somebody
views a product then they go into the
browse abandoned flow. But sideband
somebody goes to your website and then
they leaves. They don't click on any
products. We want to have a email or two
in place here to uh get somebody to buy.
We have the browse bannon. Somebody
views a product and then they leave. So
they physically click on a product page.
They're looking at it. They're looking
at the price. They view that product and
then they leave. We want to have a
couple emails reminding them of that
product. Cart abandoned. Somebody clicks
add to cart and then they leave. We need
to have flows in place for that. Emails
in place for that. And then check out
abandon. If somebody actually adds to
cart, then they click checkout. They see
the pricing, they see the shipping
information, and then they leave. Most
brands only have this checkout
abandoned. They're missing on the cart
abandoned. So check your Clavio account.
Make sure you have an added toart
trigger and make sure you have a flow
for that because you might think you do.
It's like, I do have a card of Banner
Flow. 90% of the people watching this,
no, you have a checkout abandoned flow.
Um, so that's what we want uh there on
the pre-purchase. I'm going to go over
email by email and the strategy that
we'd go about here for liquid IV. Uh,
but post-purchase, this is what I like
to do for post-purchase. I don't like to
go too crazy for it. Um, so what I'd
have here is just an immediate post uh
immediate post purchase flow. And then
we're going to want a replenishment
reminder. We're going to want a win back
flow. And then we're going to want I
don't know why that keeps doing that.
Um, and then we're gonna want this win
back. And then we're gonna want a sunset
flow,
which is going to be for people who are
ready to unengage from the list. So,
these are the post-purchase flows. And
so, we'll go over those. First, I want
to tackle like all of these pre-purchase
flows, and then we'll go in a little bit
more depth over there. But, I want to
move through this as fast as I can. So,
uh, in general, typically for most
flows, we want to have at least four
emails. Four emails is just ample. It's
enough enough reminders for somebody to
finally, you know, buy. People need
multiple reminders. They need time to
think about their decision, yada yada
yada. Um, if you only send like one
email for abandoned cart, then that
might not that might not be enough. This
person, they might be checking out other
brands. It's a multi-day decision,
especially if you have a high AOV
product where things take time. Uh, but
the welcome flow, what we want to do
here, I like to start off always,
always, always, we're going to have just
like email one with um email one. We're
just going to be intro
with discount
and best sellers. And so what I would do
here, so it's like, okay, what do I
discount? So if I'm Liquid IV, what
would I discount? Probably what I would
want to do is I would want to do a
subscription only discount if I really
wanted to push uh subscriptions. So what
I would do, it looks like they're giving
I believe they're giving 30% off all
subscriptions. So I'd have a popup
saying like, "Hey, 30% off your first
subscription even though you don't need
to enter your email." Then we could do
that. and really push people for
subscription and just push them to that.
I'd also consider a bundle offer where
it's just like a trial offer where you
try out all sorts of different bundles
and it's like a big offer. Maybe you
also get a shaker bottle. Maybe you also
get something some sort of bundle offer
like that works really really well. Um
and um in 2025 so I would try to do a
bundle offer, but you're completely fine
with doing uh I would try bundle offer
with subscription
um and it the bundle just applies to
that first month. I would probably do
something like that, but if not, dollar
off or percent off works fine. Um, I'd
test a dollar off versus percent off and
then also do um a mystery discount test.
So, in the popup, doing a mystery
discount because we need to have a
pop-up form to collect people's email
addresses. You just have to have it.
It's going to lower your cost per
acquisition. Just trust me, we've tested
this many, many times. So, what I would
do is say we're giving $10 off a first
purchase. In the popup, I'd say, "Hey,
you have a mystery discount." Enter your
email to claim and it's $10 off. and
then we say they sign up with their
email and then they have to go to their
email to like actually look at that
discount. So that's what I would do
there. Um that's super important, super
super key um for making sure that we get
this. Um and so email one, that's what
we want to do. Email two, I like to do
brand story.
Brand story or USPS, so unique selling
propositions. That's what I would do
here. I would wait one day. Um, we want
to drill these people every single day
before they go check out one of our
competitors. Um, oopsies, didn't mean to
do that. Um, drill them every other day
or every day before they can check out
competitors. Email three, we're going to
do social proof.
Email four, we are going to end this
with a last chance discount.
And then what I would do here is I would
test,
for some reason it's not letting me
paste. Um, I would test
textbased
for last chance because sometimes a
textbased email, a plain text based
email just performs well. So that's all
we need for the welcome flow. We have
some urgency. We have some background,
some social proof. Uh, we have
everything that we need here. We're
waiting one day in between all of these.
That's all that we need. And this is
perfect. Every single one of these
emails, we need to also mention the
discount. You can't just have an email
where you don't mention the discount.
So, welcome flow. These are like some
examples. This is a doc. I have a
YouTube video on this, but this is what
we want to do for like a welcome flow.
Uh, welcome you. Number one, discount
way up at the top of the email button
right here. Show some of the best
sellers, maybe some unique selling
propositions there. Have a couple filler
emails like a story of the brand, unique
selling propositions, frequently asked
questions. You could plug in any one of
these. And then we always want to end
with this last chance discount right
here where, hey, this is the last chance
to claim your discount. So that's what
we want for the welcome flow. Make sure
it's designed. Mix in a text based email
or two. Um and then you're all good to
go. Side abandon is going to be anybody
who goes to the website um but they
don't view any products. So for this we
we just want to say need help and then
give best sellers or product
information. So right here since we have
so many different liquid IV products, if
we have a product with a lot of
different or if we have a store with a
lot of different products, then I'm
going to show a bunch of different
products and just be like these are our
bests sellers. If you have one product,
then just go over like FAQs or overcome
objections in that email. That's all you
really need. Um, so that's what we want
to do here. And I'll go over an example
for that. Browse abandon. I like to do
threeish emails. Uh, email one. Um,
did you see this? Or did you check this
out? Like what you saw? Something like
that. And then we're going to go over
some FAQs down at the bottom. That's
what I like to do for email one, email
two. Um, need another reminder,
something like this. And then we're
going to do some social proof.
And then we're going to do a last
chance.
We're holding stock for you to have a
little bit of urgency. We're holding
stock for you. This is your absolute
last chance. And if you want to do a
discount, then we can have an optional
um optional
discount opener.
What I would probably do is I'd probably
just do this optional discount opener
right here. And then we go to cart and
checkout abandon. These are going to be
very similar. And I'm going to say your
order
um your cart is ready to ship. just
literally show the product and then uh
little bit of social proof slash
slash riskreversals.
So I might show their uh their money
back guarantee, whatever it is, some
something to get them over the edge. I
do this um and then email two, I'm going
to follow it up. Email two, um overcome
objections and show the exact product
that the person left behind. So, there's
another doc um going a little bit more
into depth of what these look like, but
card abandon.
This is kind of what we want to do. Show
this product right here. You can follow
it up with a textbased. That's what
we're going to do here is going to do
overcome objections in textbased email.
And then right here, I'm comfortable
with giving a discount if this person
still hasn't bought. So, email three, we
are going to do discount opener.
Then we're going to do a discount closer
email for discount closer. We don't want
to give a discount right off the bat um
because this person might um we might be
able to get them without the discount
and save on margins. So I like to wait
uh right here. All these emails we're
waiting one day in between them. So
don't worry about that. Just wait one
day in between all these checkout
abandon. We can do literally the same
exact the same exact uh sequence right
here
um if we want to but slightly change up
the designs. You really don't need to do
anything too different here. Ideally,
you do, but if you're stuck on time,
that's okay. Something that we could
also do that we like to do for checkout
abandon and cart abandoned is we'll
split right here based on if somebody
has bought from us before. Have they
bought?
If they have bought from us,
then what are we going to do?
Nothing. If they We're just going to
keep it as is. If they haven't bought
from us, we're going to say
welcome discount
reminder. And we're going to do that for
every single email right here.
This person still can claim their
welcome discount. So, we're going to
tell them, hey, you have your welcome
discount. You have your welcome
discount. Then, we're going to give a
stronger discount for emails three and
four. Um, that's something a little bit
more advanced. You can do that for cart
and checkout abandon. Um, that's
something that we like to do. For some
brands, you don't need to do it right
off the bat, but that's something that
you can do. You can also do it for
browser abandoned as well. Would
recommend doing that as well. A little
bit more advanced, a little bit more
work, but you can add a split inside of
Clavio to do that for you. Um, going on
to our post-purchase flows right here.
Immediate post purchase. We want
oopsies, what do I do here? We want an
immediate
thank you
textbased from founder. These just mean
a lot for people. Remove buyer remorse
and they just really stand out. And we
want to have PS click here to keep
shopping. This is super key. People
right when they buy, they're down to buy
again. It's so simple, but this people
overlook it, but it often gets 2 to 3%
placed order rates. So that's something
that we want to do here. We're going to
push email one, just thank you for your
order. PS, if you want to place another
order, you can here. If you want to get
aggressive, we can do emails too and we
can say um you like we'll say something
like um why not place another something
like that like hey this is what else is
for you. Um something like that where we
can get another uh get some more because
this is often a period where people are
down to keep buying. We're going to wait
one day here and then we're going to add
a third email just pushing people to
social media
and that's perfect. We can wait a couple
days there and then we are all set.
We'll wait 3 days. That's all you need
for post purchase. We're going to be
sending campaigns. We're sending email
campaigns three to four times per week
for our brands and so people are getting
a lot of content repeatedly. And so
that's what we like to do here. A
pleasure reminder. Uh we're going to
want to time it based on what this
person bought. If somebody bought one
pouch, we'd have to look into look into
the brand. How long does one pouch last?
16 sticks. Does that last a month? Does
it typically last two months? Whatever
it is, we want to time it out. So, we're
going to split
split based on product um quantity
and we're going to just have a couple
emails.
Email one ready
to refill. We're just going to show them
like and we're going to time it right
when they're ready to refill. Right when
they run out, ready to refill. And then
we're going to have That's really all we
need.
We're going to have cross cell right
here though. We're going to wait like
another week. Be like, "You liked this?
Try this out. Wait 7 days. This person
is still receiving campaigns." So,
they're going to buy from campaigns
typically, but it's good to have this.
So, we're going to crossell. Um,
if you like this, you'll
like this. And that's perfect. Split
based on product quantity. My guess
my guess is most will be a 45day um,
split right here. And that's what we
want for win back. We want to start off
email one. Just a simple we miss you
here.
Here are picks just for you. This is
what we want to do right here
for the first email. Keep it simple. No
discount. And then email two and three.
Discount opener. Win back. We're going
to have a discount to try to get this
person back.
Email two. Email three.
Last chance discount. Uh win back. We're
going to have to time it based on
product quantity. Usually
for something like this, I do 180 days.
That's long enough time. This person is
still receiving campaigns and they
haven't bought from campaigns. This is
pretty pretty dire of a situation. If
they're not buying from campaigns, we're
going to wait 7 days and then we'll wait
two days here. That's all we need for
win back. We don't need to do anything
crazy. We have a figure systems that um
aren't what just happened there. We big
systems that this is literally exactly
what we're doing. Sunset is going to be
someone hasn't opened an email in three
months. So 90 days, 120 days, something
like that. Email one. Is this it?
Click here to stay subscribed. And
that's it. If somebody doesn't open this
email, we're going to add a split and
we're going to suppress this person's
profile um at if they haven't um we're
going to suppress that person's profile
if they didn't open because we want to
save money on our Clavio bell. And boom,
that is it. This is all the advanced
stuff. This is really all you need. This
is exactly what we have set up for this
brand. If I'm someone like Liquid IV and
I have subscriptions, we're going to
need a lot more flows for subscriptions.
That's a completely different video in
itself because we need to have
subscription flows. I can write a couple
out. Um, we're going to need things like
subscription activated,
subscription
cancelled. We're going to need um lapsed
subscriber win back. So, somebody who
subscribed a little, they unsubscribed a
while ago and it's like 3 months later
and we want to get them back. Um, then
we're going to have like all the billing
notifications. So, upcoming billing,
billing failed, yada yada yada, all this
sort of stuff. So, there's a lot of
different stuff that we'd have to have
and just like a couple emails in place
will be fine there. But that's really
all you need for this sort of system.
Um, and um, yeah, that's really all we
need. And then you just hyper optimize.
You test these. You add different splits
based on if people have bought before.
You can add different splits on what
product people have viewed, what they
might be interested in, make customized
replenishment reminders, everything like
this. This is all you need. And as long
as you're hyper optimized, you really
test the hell out of your acquisition
offer to make sure you get as many
people in on the pop-up form, then as
many people in. um into the welcome
flow, then you're going to have a lot of
uh have a lot of traffic into these
flows and as long as they're hyper
optimized, they're going to be making a
lot of money. It's really all you need.
This is the 8 figureure setup that we
have here for one of our 8 figureure
brands. Bring in about 471,000 450 to
500k a month uh for this brand and it's
rising every single month. Um this is
pretty much exactly what we have. So
hopefully that was helpful. Let me know
if you have any questions and if you
want to work with me to build out
something like this, then we can build
this out for you, myself and my team. Uh
we're premium e-commerce email marketing
and SMS team. Link will be in the
description if you want to book a call
and see what that would be like for us
to build all this out, do all the
creatives, all the strategy, all the
execution and everything here. So, hope
that was helpful. Let me know if you
have any questions. Make sure you check
out this next video which is super
valuable um just like this video. Thank
you.